this is Dave Palumbo with Md TV here at
Doc's nutrition in Carmel New York only
very short distance away from the home
of the one and only ramblin freak Gregg
Valentino look who I ran into great what
are you doing up here
I'm up here to get some free protein
from Dave's partner now I'm up here to
see my boy Dave and hang out with my
boys here and Anthony my boy Anthony
their own stocks up here in Carmel you
guys got to come up here guys the best
we just did a big hardcore seminar here
and we had this place packed full of
people and we sold a lot of product 'day
and I'm Greg I think you're gonna I'm
gonna give you a couple samples this
because this is not going to give you
the shit's I think it's gonna be the
first supple you ever try that you
didn't get the runs from well I
appreciate that my girlfriend will
appreciate that and my toilet will
appreciate that who you dating nowadays
um Derrick Anthony uh no ah
Derrick you always got to get your plug
there you go
no I'm sorry Billy Gunn's is looking
pretty hot though oh no I'm dating I get
kind of two little girls I'm dating here
but I got a Mexican little enchilada and
then I got a filthy rotten Puerto Rican
but you know it's the same shit spends
more money the Puerto Rican definitely
spends more money higher maintenance Oh
believe me Derrick is a lot less
maintenance than a on
he makes his own money though doesn't Oh
darica he's you got you ever seen little
bond thing that he wears he's hot
I have to look now um no no all
seriousness uh the Mexican right now is
starting to win she was gonna come up
here but really you're gonna bring her
out in public bring her but yep I was
gonna bring it Tony knows her right
there now let me ask you a question is
she the girl that you met at the the
fast food place
um yes she is Wendy's I don't want to
say where though she works at Wendy's
how old is she uh she's 21 how old was
she when you met her she was 21 you know
what she turned 21 right after you're on
a classic ledge I met her when we came
home from the Arnold Classic what do you
like about her um I could take her to
get Gray's papaya and she doesn't bitch
you know what I'm saying
I thought so yeah hot dog you know cheap
food and you know she doesn't spend all
my money she cleans the house the other
one don't do shit cleans to rot liens
what she's Mexicans gotta clean it's in
her blood let me ask you a question is
is the rumors true I've heard this we've
been talking about this online I know
you've been hyping this thing up and I I
haven't seen any action yet what's going
on with this supposed TV reality video
show you've been doing well it's not
going to be called a rambling freak but
the reality show is what we're doing a
television show it's not a reality show
it's gonna be awesome
I don't want to tell you exactly what it
is but actually Tony's involved right
there Tony munch in ski what is it
involved I'm what's what what's going on
with this Yeti give us a little teaser
these guys I do you want to know what
the hell's going on
well see I mean it's a bodybuilding show
it's it's it's going to be like a
bodybuilding variety show it's gonna be
really good you're gonna be training no
I know train you got to be kidding
according to these guys I just shoot oil
in each body part those those arms are
looking a little much bigger than they
were last year at the oil well what's
what's going on here well I've been
using lipo lice no wait what's this
thing I saw eyes lipolysis I'm sorry
life lights the fat burner
no daddy not bigger it's the jacket have
you been training though have you been
back at the gym yeah a little bit you
know in a house though nothing major you
know I'm gonna go full tilt soon you
know I mean really now what what's the
gearing up for some gearing as in no pun
intended of course no I was thinking
about entering the Nationals like if
they cuz I heard that they were going to
have an overweight contest and I think
I could win that oh how old do you these
days uh I'm gonna be 48 so you can
almost you can almost compete in the
masses over 50 Nationals almost yes
by the way somebody's got a birthday
coming up is gonna be the big four Oh
next week I don't know that guy debate
next week big4 oh that's my boy happy
birthday - bye thank you thank you very
much appreciate it yeah next weekend say
who told me Derrick Anthony but uh still
um what kind of a relationship you you
talked to Derrick Anthony awful lot on
the phone and on the computer I hear is
he involved in this this special are you
gonna be doing no no he's not involved
but uh you know if I might pull him you
know maybe give him a little some work
you know under the table you know what I
mean who's this this this project if you
notice I'm trying to I'm trying to pull
them out of Greg what exactly he's doing
what whose idea was this whose
brainchild was this whole specialist
whole show you're gonna be doing well
it's you know I and Tony
kind of came up with it's it's it's
gonna be it's gonna be a bodybuilding
variety show interviews clips or Flip
Wilson show yeah something like that but
any better it's not gonna be it's gonna
be a little bit of everything you gonna
like dress up as like a transvestites
and stuff like that I'm sick of doing
that that's why I'm gonna have Derek
doing that you know motto Romano I want
the remotest fucking snakeskin boots in
that skullcap you know it by the way who
gives you the best emails what you do
oh that's all I want to hear that he I
opened one of your emails in front of a
lease Blackman once and I thought show
was passed that was consciousness oh my
god yeah it was the one where the girl
was taking a dump on top of some other
girl oh yeah yeah yeah she's shitting
any other girl vomited back into her
mount yeah yeah I don't I don't think
that that was a real do you think that
was real I think it was me I think that
was like like like ice cream or so like
that I don't know I was there when he
filmed it no no I tell you I don't know
whose I think it was real yeah it was
real but I saying I sent some good stuff
though you gotta admit I sent some wacky
shit now you're gonna be at the Arnold
Classic this year again is that correct
absolutely be at the md booth every year
you know true that you're going to be
doing some celebrity interviews around
the whole Arnold Expo yes and I can't
wait to see Lou Ferrigno man I'm got a
day we got a date with destiny may a.m.
I was gonna ask you now who would be
your on your wish list of who you want
to interview when you
get there uh I'm ten uh oh my god top
five have a tough um obviously I'd like
to get four rig no you know you'll talk
to you um probably not
you bought a picture maybe find new sign
language now so high that fucked up I
think if you bought a picture we
definitely talk to you uh I'll tell you
um I would buy a picture if he would
talk to me you know buy you the picture
actually you're talking I'd let you pay
um no let's see who else would I like to
interview um fuck you know I don't know
I mean who ever you know and anybody
that would you want it like you wish
list I mean I'll check so what I mean
when who who you want that Monica brand
I mean who do you like like a brand you
know me uh no I like uh you know I like
wait what's that little girl Nicole
Rozalia Laza
full aisle